---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pritunl_server Resource - pritunl"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# pritunl_server (Resource)

This resource manages servers on a Pritunl VPN using Terraform. It supports creating, updating, deleting, and importing servers for Pritunl VPN.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

## Example Usage

    ```hcl
    # Example configuration for a Pritunl server
    resource "pritunl_server" "example" {
      name       = "example"
      protocol   = "udp"
      port       = 15500
      network    = "192.168.1.0/24"
      groups     = ["developers", "admins"]
      organization_ids = [
        pritunl_organization.developers.id,
      ]
    }
    ```

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the server.

### Optional

- `allowed_devices` (String) Device types permitted to connect to server.
- `bind_address` (String) Network address for the private network that will be created for clients. This network cannot conflict with any existing local networks.
- `block_outside_dns` (Boolean) Block outside DNS on Windows clients.
- `cipher` (String) The cipher for the server.
- `debug` (Boolean) Show server debugging information in output.
- `dh_param_bits` (Number) Size of DH parameters.
- `dns_mapping` (Boolean) Map the VPN clients' IP address to the `.vpn` domain (e.g., example_user.example_org.vpn). This will conflict with the DNS port if `systemd-resolve` is running.
- `dns_servers` (List of String) List of DNS servers.
- `groups` (List of String) List of groups allowed to connect to the server. Names are case-sensitive.
- `hash` (String) The hash for the server.
- `host_ids` (List of String) The list of attached hosts to the server.
- `inactive_timeout` (Number) Disconnect users after the specified number of seconds of inactivity.
- `inter_client` (Boolean) Enable inter-client routing across hosts.
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Enables IPv6 on the server; requires IPv6 network interface.
- `link_ping_interval` (Number) Time interval between pings used when multiple users have the same network link.
- `link_ping_timeout` (Number) Timeout for pings used for failover when multiple users have the same network link.
- `max_clients` (Number) Maximum number of clients connected to a server or each server replica.
- `max_devices` (Number) Maximum number of devices per client connected to a server.
- `mss_fix` (Number) MSS fix value.
- `multi_device` (Boolean) Allow users to connect with multiple devices concurrently.
- `network` (String) Network address for the private network that will be created for clients.
- `network_end` (String) Ending network address for bridged VPN client IP addresses.
- `network_mode` (String) Sets network mode. Bridged mode is not recommended as it impacts performance and limits client support.
- `network_start` (String) Starting network address for bridged VPN client IP addresses.
- `network_wg` (String) Network address for the WireGuard VPN.
- `organization_ids` (List of String) List of attached organizations to the server.
- `otp_auth` (Boolean) Enables two-step authentication using Google Authenticator.
- `ping_interval` (Number) Interval to ping the client.
- `ping_timeout` (Number) Timeout for client ping. Must be greater than the ping interval.
- `port` (Number) The port for the server.
- `port_wg` (Number) Port for WireGuard VPN.
- `pre_connect_msg` (String) Messages shown after connecting to the server.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the server.
- `replica_count` (Number) Replicate server across multiple hosts.
- `restrict_routes` (Boolean) Prevent traffic from networks not specified in the server’s routes from being tunneled over the VPN.
- `search_domain` (String) DNS search domain for clients.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Disconnect users after the specified number of seconds.
- `status` (String) The status of the server.
- `vxlan` (Boolean) Use VXLAN for routing client-to-client traffic with replicated servers.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Importing an Existing Resource

To import an existing server, first describe the resource in a Terraform file, then execute the import command.

### Example for importing a server:

    ```sh
    terraform import pritunl_server.example ${SERVER_ID}
    terraform import pritunl_server.example 60cd0bfa7723cf3c911468a8
    ```
